In this course, we shall learn how to build deep learning based products in diverse domain, starting
from the data, the model building, model evaluation, model corrections, and then shipping a deep
learning product.
We shall also go from fundamental machine learning theory to state of art deep learning models.
But given that the programming language we shall be using throughout this course is going to be Python.
We have this Python crash course and TensorFlow installation section in which we shall learn all the
python necessary for this course, going from variables to conditional statements, loops, classes,
decorators, generators and popular libraries like numpy and map plot leap.
Then we shall introduce the core mission learning theory and uses theory in solving several problems
while building our own mini deep learning framework and talking about frameworks.
In the next section we shall dive into TensorFlow too.
We'll start by understanding how this TensorFlow two is structured and how to make the best use of TensorFlow
in coming out with deep learning solutions.
Also in the section which I look at a special type of neural network called convolutional neural networks
and the recurrent neural networks.
Using the convolutional neural networks popularly known as carve nets, we shall build an image classification
system and AI using the earnings.
We shall build a sentiment classification system.
Then after getting all those fundamentals right, we move to the first domain of application, which
is in that vision.
The first computer vision project, which our work on is that of breast cancer classification, where
we shall use tissue data or breast tissue data obtained from a microscope.
To predict whether an input image.
Got him from those tissues.
Is one which contains cancerous cells or not.
Then we shall see several corrective measures which could be applied to make our model more robust as
this kind of data sets tend to be imbalanced.
Then we move on to object detection.
Now the second computer vision project, which I'll work on, where I will start by using the YOLO version
one to correctly classify and detect objects in an image.
And then we shall move on to the yellow version three, which is a better version or a better variant
of the yellow version one.
Apart from using state of art models like the yellow model, we shall also see how to build our own
custom data sets.
Now, looking at this kind of data set or looking at this kind of problem and which data set is composed
of input images and an output which is either you have cancer or not, it's easier to annotate them
since once you've got the images, all you need to do is to see whether they are given images one which
contains cancer or not, or one which is made of cancerous cells or not.
But with object detection datasets, we not only have to correctly see that in this image we have a
car, a person, truck, umbrella, car, person, car, car, car.
And then we also need to specify that this car, for example, is located at this exact position using
this bounding box.
So we'll see that if we have to build this kind of data set given inputs and annotations.
It becomes very tedious.
So we shall look at tools which we will use to make this kind of.
Annotation tasks.
Very easy.
Then we move to object counting and object counting.
We shall see how to get this kind of inputs and training model.
We able to generate a density map which can be used to count the number of people in this image right
here.
We shall go in-depth in understanding the generation of this dance, the map, and how to train such
models.
And the next will be email segmentation in which, when given an input without training, a model capable
of separating the objects from the background.
All these projects will be done using TensorFlow to best practices to make your work as easy as possible.
Then we can move on to natural language processing.
After studying recurrent neural networks and convolutional networks and the master neural network using
TensorFlow two section, we shall now look at more advanced recurrent neural networks, like, for example,
the sequence sequence model, which could be used in translation tags.
Then from then we shall look at attention models and also the transformer model.
All these will be done from scratch.
And you get to understand in that how all these models are built.
So after the translation project, which I'll go to question Afrin, where we saw I use this quiet dataset
to train a model which when given a question like this.
All right.
I wish when given a text like this and when posed a question like in this case, what is the process
of constructing the building infrastructure?
It's able to select the region in this text where the answer to this equation lies.
So here we have, for example, ground to answer construction in the construction.
So basically this, this and we see that our model could also pick out a series of words like 6 to 9%.
So you.
I'm not just only a single word.
This will be done using the terms for my motto.
And then we shall use a special kind of attention model known as the l h attention which happens to
be more efficient than the attention model which was used in the original transformer paper.
From here we are move to speech data where we shall build a speech recognition system which takes us
input, sound, and then output transcriptions.
Yeah, we shall go in that in understanding how sound data is treated before passing into a deep learning
model and also how to train such models.
The next would be an image caption a system in which, when given this kind of inputs model is able
to come up with such tags.
For example, here we have a ten dog is playing in the grass.
From this we move to generate modelling.
Here again, we are going to go in-depth understanding the generative adversarial neural networks,
which are popularly known for the application in data generation.
As you could see here, all these images are thick as this people don't actually exist.
Finally, we shall ship a deep learning product which can be used anywhere in the world for every project
we've listed out here.
You shall be expected to build your own project, which is meant to be personalised.
You also have to be able to document and share your work as this will make you grow faster and further
and just domain.
So firstly, you have to upload all your projects on your GitHub account.
You also need to share your projects on LinkedIn, Twitter, YouTube and Facebook.
But you are advised to have at least three out of this.
So we suppose firstly you must have others a GitHub account and then you have to see at least two out
of the four in which you shall share works.
Let's also include medium.
So you could pick, let's say three out of those five plus your GitHub account.
And also in this last project, you shall be expected to gather your own data and not just use already
made data.
Also, we lay much emphasis on feedback.
So in cases where you have any difficulty, you could always get to us in the class forum.